Link to project 2 part 2: https://codepen.io/Padawan98/pen/PoGyKQM?editors=1100

Questions:
    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    	Semantic HTML is the way the editor structures the text and information, so it's coherent with the syntax of the webpage
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    	It is used to structure a webpage in a coherent way. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    	An attribute is an item that provides extra instructions for an element. Example: "img" is an element and " src" is an attribute
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    	The h1 tag is the title of the webpage. It should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    	img a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    	All of the information that can't be seen on the website (metadata)
    7. What is an id? 
    	it's like a class but it can only be used once in one element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    	elements like h1-h6, p, img, a. no elements within elements (such as section)
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    	once
    10. What is a class? 
    	Block of information that can be easily manipulates in css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    	every element :D
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    	as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    	target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    	giving a description of the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    	#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    	section is grouped in the webpage, while div can just be a class grouping
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    	Making the webpage pretty!And make it so you can use it on other devices like you super flexed new iphone
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    	In HTML:<> </> in CSS: h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    	Classes can be used multiple times, whereas ID's can only be used once
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    	you use a period
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    	.human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    	it is the selector with the highes hierarchy. If you have for example a section with multiple paragraphs and you only want to select the first paragraph, you can enter the parent selector name:firstchild
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    	.sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    	it's a selector that lets you alter a specific content of an element. It can only be used once
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    	text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    	div
	{
		border:1px dotted black;	
	}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    	you use the *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    	/**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    	you look at the path
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    	rm because once it's gone you can't get it back
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    	Version control also helps developers move faster and allows software teams to preserve efficiency and agility as the team scales to include more developers.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    	every 30-60 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    	git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    	I do not understand the question
